DP03
SELECTED ECONOMIC CHARACTERISTICS

Note: This is a modified view of the original table.

Although the American Community Survey (ACS) produces population, demographic and housing unit estimates, it is the Census Bureau's Population Estimates Program that produces and disseminates the official estimates of the population for the nation, states, counties, cities, and towns and estimates of housing units for states and counties.


Supporting documentation on code lists, subject definitions, data accuracy, and statistical testing can be found on the American Community Survey website in the Technical Documentation section.

Sample size and data quality measures (including coverage rates, allocation rates, and response rates) can be found on the American Community Survey website in the Methodology section.


Source:  U.S. Census Bureau, 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates


Explanation of Symbols:An '**' entry in the margin of error column indicates that either no sample observations or too few sample observations were available to compute a standard error and thus the margin of error. A statistical test is not appropriate.
An '-' entry in the estimate column indicates that either no sample observations or too few sample observations were available to compute an estimate, or a ratio of medians cannot be calculated because one or both of the median estimates falls in the lowest interval or upper interval of an open-ended distribution.
An '-' following a median estimate means the median falls in the lowest interval of an open-ended distribution.
An '+' following a median estimate means the median falls in the upper interval of an open-ended distribution.
An '***' entry in the margin of error column indicates that the median falls in the lowest interval or upper interval of an open-ended distribution. A statistical test is not appropriate.
An '*****' entry in the margin of error column indicates that the estimate is controlled. A statistical test for sampling variability is not appropriate. 
An 'N' entry in the estimate and margin of error columns indicates that data for this geographic area cannot be displayed because the number of sample cases is too small.
An '(X)' means that the estimate is not applicable or not available.


Data are based on a sample and are subject to sampling variability. The degree of uncertainty for an estimate arising from sampling variability is represented through the use of a margin of error. The value shown here is the 90 percent margin of error. The margin of error can be interpreted roughly as providing a 90 percent probability that the interval defined by the estimate minus the margin of error and the estimate plus the margin of error (the lower and upper confidence bounds) contains the true value. In addition to sampling variability, the ACS estimates are subject to nonsampling error (for a discussion of nonsampling variability, see Accuracy of the Data).  The effect of nonsampling error is not represented in these tables.


Employment and unemployment estimates may vary from the official labor force data released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics because of differences in survey design and data collection. For guidance on differences in employment and unemployment estimates from different sources go to Labor Force Guidance.


Workers include members of the Armed Forces and civilians who were at work last week.


Industry codes are 4-digit codes and are based on the North American Industry Classification System 2012. The Industry categories adhere to the guidelines issued in Clarification Memorandum No. 2, "NAICS Alternate Aggregation Structure for Use By U.S. Statistical Agencies," issued by the Office of Management and Budget.


Occupation codes are 4-digit codes and are based on Standard Occupational Classification 2010.


Logical coverage edits applying a rules-based assignment of Medicaid, Medicare and military health coverage were added as of 2009 --  please see https://www.census.gov/library/working-papers/2010/demo/coverage_edits_final.html for more details.  The 2008 data table in American FactFinder does not incorporate these edits. Therefore, the estimates that appear in these tables are not comparable to the estimates in the 2009 and later tables.  Select geographies of 2008 data comparable to the 2009 and later tables are available at https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/acs/1-year-re-run-health-insurance.html. The health insurance coverage category names were modified in 2010.  See https://www.census.gov/topics/health/health-insurance/about/glossary.html#par_textimage_18 for a list of the insurance type definitions.


Beginning in 2017, selected variable categories were updated, including age-categories, income-to-poverty ratio (IPR) categories, and the age universe for certain employment and education variables.  See user note entitled "Health Insurance Table Updates" for further details.


While the 2013-2017 American Community Survey (ACS) data generally reflect the February 2013 Office of Management and Budget (OMB) definitions of metropolitan and micropolitan statistical areas; in certain instances the names, codes, and boundaries of the principal cities shown in ACS tables may differ from the OMB definitions due to differences in the effective dates of the geographic entities.


Estimates of urban and rural populations, housing units, and characteristics reflect boundaries of urban areas defined based on Census 2010 data. As a result, data for urban and rural areas from the ACS do not necessarily reflect the results of ongoing urbanization.


